c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\lowkey.exe.config
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\lowkey.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\lowkey.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\lowkey.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\lowkey_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\lowkey_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\lowkey.g.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\lowkey.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\lowkey.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\lowkey.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\obj\Debug\lowkey.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lowkey\lowkey\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
